#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "lmodern" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
How to Invest in SP500
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Market index outperforms lots of mutural funds (after fees).
 This file investigates some alternative investment strategies in SP500.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
$1 Every Time SP500 Dips Below x% of 50-Day MA
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Everytime SP500 index dips below x% of its 50-day MA line, we make $1 of
 purchase of the index.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
x=5%, 10%, 15%, ...
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
The annualized yield is calculated as a function of x.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Not surprisingly, annualized yield is increasing in x.
 However, this needs to interpreted with caution.
 If x=30%, then almost no money is ever invested in SP500 index.
 Therefore, even if the resulted return is very high, little wealth is compounde
d.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Wait for x% Dip then Buy with y% Savings
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Imagine Adam has $1000 of leftover income every month for investment in
 SP500 index.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
He doesn't have to invest $1000 into SP500 each month.
 For example, he could wait 3 months till a good dip occurs, then invest
 y% of all savings $3000
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
What's the optimal strategy?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Suppose Adam follows a strategy: 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
$1000/month = $33/day
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Wait and accumulate money, and investment all accumulated money into SP500
 when a dips of x% happens below 50-day MA.
 Then rinse and repeat.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Obviously, this is NOT the only strategy.
 For example, Adam could wait and accumulate, if SP dips x%, invest half
 or 1/3, etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Or Adam could make investment each day as a function of the dip, so summarized
 by 
\begin_inset Formula $investment(dip)$
\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
The strategy listed above is a special one, where this function 
\begin_inset Formula $investment(dip)$
\end_inset

 takes a 0-1 step function, also investment amount is also history dependent
 (how much has been saved up).
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Itemize
Evaluation: calculate total accumulated wealth till now.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
